c:\users\bhargav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\bin\Debug\AG.exe.config
c:\users\bhargav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\bin\Debug\AG.exe
c:\users\bhargav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\bin\Debug\AG.pdb
c:\users\bhargav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bhargav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.Form1.resources
c:\users\bhargav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bhargav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bhargav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.exe
c:\users\bhargav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.pdb
C:\Users\bhargav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.Main.resources
C:\Users\bhargav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.AddPhoto.resources
C:\Users\bhargav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF5.dll
C:\Users\bhargav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.v20.dll
C:\Users\bhargav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.ViewDetails.resources
C:\Users\bhargav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.CheckIn.resources
C:\Users\bhargav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.EditDetails.resources
C:\Users\bhargav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.AddInterests.resources
C:\Users\bhargav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.Mail.resources
C:\Users\bhargav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.Search.resources
C:\Users\bhargav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.CreateGroup.resources
C:\Users\bhargav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AG\AG\obj\Debug\AG.SearchForGroups.resources
